We will be implementing a Skier-Routing app. 

/*
Many of the modern ski areas are widespread with dozens of chair-lifts/gondolas, sometimes up-to hundreds of kilometres of ski slopes and many dining establishments. 
The app will help the avid skier to find the best way to get from point A to a point B. 
The slopes are of different difficulty (blue, red and black) and the skier, depending on confidence/ability level, should be able to specify which slopes to use. 
In a normal situation, moving up will involve lifts and the skiers will ski down the slope. But in some cases, the skier may decide to take the lift down 
(e.g., if the only available slope is a challenging black one). The app should also help the skier to find the right food place and public restrooms.

The app will determine the location of the skier. The Web-based app, should be targeted towards mobile phone. 

Here is a link to one of the ski areas in the European Alps.
*/

Usecases:

name: find route

Precondition: User open the web application.

Postcondition: 

Scenario:
1. User open web application.
2. the application present a graph of all routes with difficulities, different color represent different difficulities.
3. the User choose their abiliy level.
4. User choose the location where they currently are.
5. User choose another point where thwy want to go.
6. the application will give a suggestion about most fessible path.

Exception cases: 
1. If a path can not be used.
  a. if there is another useable path, the application will show another path.
  b. if there is no other useable path, then the application will notify the user there is no fessible path.
2. If there is no fessible path.
  a. the application will notify the user.

--------------------------------------------

name: find food place/public restrooms

Precondition: 

Postcondition:
  
Scenario:
1. the application will show all the food place/public restroom in a graph alone with the routes.
2. User select a food place/public restroom.
3. the application will show some information about this food place/public restroom.
4. User confirm to go this food place/public restroom.
5. the application will suggest a best way to go this food place/public restroom.

Exception cases:
1. if the food place/public restroom can not be accessed. 
  a. a notification will be presented.
